Fix broken link to numpy ufunc signature docs (#5963)
numba/numba: docs/source/reference/jit-compilation.rst

   arrays as inputs (for example, if a cast is required).

   .. seealso::

>       Specification of the `layout string <https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/c-api/generalized-ufuncs.html#details-of-signature>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Specification of the `layout string <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/c-api/generalized-ufuncs.html#details-of-signature>`_
```
I think Numba's docs should refer to the `stable` version of NumPy's docs.
